Update parallelism-faster-jobs.md (#8406)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/parallelism-faster-jobs.md

### Use parallelism with self-hosted runners
{: #use-parallelism-with-self-hosted-runners }

To use the parallelism feature with jobs that use [self-hosted runners](/docs/runner-overview/), ensure that you have at least two self-hosted machine runners associated with the runner resource class that your job will run on. If you set the parallelism value to be greater than the number of active self-hosted runners in a given resource class, the excess parallel tasks that do not have a self-hosted runner on which to execute will queue until a self-hosted runner is available.

> If you are using parallelism on [Container Runner](/docs/container-runner/), you will need to make sure that `agent.maxConcurrentTasks` and your Kubernetes cluster can accommodate the number of parallel tasks you want to run or you will run into queuing as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using parallelism on [Container Runner](/docs/container-runner/), you will need to make sure that `agent.maxConcurrentTasks` and your Kubernetes cluster can accommodate the number of parallel tasks you want to run. If you do not have adequate resources your parallel runs will be subject to queuing.
```
